---
layout: post
title:      "The Wall  "
date:       2017-10-04 01:26:50 +0000
permalink:  the_wall
---


I've kind of hit a wall.  I keep going back and reviewing the concepts I've learned before to give myself a kick, but it seems I'm a bit stuck in static.  This gets kind of frustrating, as I am very driven by my ability to move forward and learn new things.  This isn't how I work.

As I sit and ponder my current state, I realize I have been rushing through some of the more important parts of my education.  I have been gaining the simplest understanding of each concept, just enough to move on to the next, without thinking about when and where I'll use them.  This has caused me to lose focus on what's important and has redirected that focus into what is a little less important, but still imperitive to my goal, finishing quickly.

It's easy to fall into a slight depression when I realize I've got to go back and become better acquainted with methods I learned earlier on.  It's a bit of an ego killer to realize I've painted myself into a corner.  Then my mind is opened to something.  My failures here are better than failures in the future.  I would rather come to the conclusion that my pace is unsustainable before I'm in a race.  It then becomes clear that the wall is not a wall at all.  It's an obstacle, sure, but one that will help me gain valuable experience that could not have been mine through other methods.  I've painted myself into a corner so that I can use these new skills in new ways.  So I can devise a method to overcome the obstacle before me.

As I continue to grow, it is easy to feel I've plateaued at times.  It's when I hit those plateaus I realize I've been given an opportunity to create a better method of reaching greater heights.
